Oh Janet you are wonderful always there
to make us feel warm and cozy your words
always satisfy the market regardless of
what they are there's no way this could
ever turn negative as long as mama
Yellen is on the watch and now back to
reality you came here for the truth
let's look at this graphic right away
the financial impact of sovereign debt
around the world this is for 2017 this
map shows country's debt and their
ability to pay it back so remember that
this is what this website is suggesting
not me but the United States is 20
trillion Japan is 11 trillion then you
look at a country like Greece at 339
billion so what the map is suggesting is
that the bigger the debt the bigger the
problem but the website talks about that
to GDP instead I'll scroll down for a
moment here saying that you shouldn't
look at the total amount of debt but
look at the debt to GDP ratio as a more
accurate way to look at things and you
have Japan being number one than Greece
and so on while I do agree with that in
principle it doesn't mean and what they
suggest here is saying that look 20
trillion dollars and debt isn't that big
of a deal okay guys come on get with the
program it's just 20 trillion we're not
even in the top 10 worst countries so we
don't have anything to worry about even
Canada a country filled with igloos is
here in number 7 so there's no need to
worry everything is gonna be ok well we
know that's not the case what I would
you say about this is that
when you look at something and I know
the majority of my subscribers on here
know exactly what I'm talking about
you don't take it at face value you have
to investigate it you have to keep
digging and so that's what you need to
do with any financial figure that you
see 20 trillion in debt look it's not
gonna be paid back we know that does it
mean that the u.s. is in a worse
predicament than Greece maybe not also
you have to look at the fact that there
are pockets there are pockets everywhere
look at real estate well if I say real
estate prices are increasing
well what country ok the US I believe
it's five point five percent five point
five percent year-over-year but what
about Detroit's or what about San
Francisco okay well then you get a
different picture and so on and you keep
breaking it down and then you look at
the situation in Europe it's terrible
it's really bad everyone is suffering
well is that just a generalization
because not all areas not all countries
are suffering and not all areas within
those countries are suffering some are
prospering so remember that that's all
looking at the Fed Funds rate this is
basically the interest rate that the Fed
sets and obviously you know what's up
here that financial crisis hits they
decide that they're gonna bring the
interest rates down and then they have
started to increase them and the number
that is showing you just behind here is
one point one six so they bring in this
number of very very cautiously they
started doing this a few years ago and
it has taken a very long time just to
get this off the ground and they're
already struggling now we've been told
that they are going to unwind the
balance sheet and they are going to
increase interest rates more well let's
just look
what old Yellen had disabled that in a
speech on Tuesday marked by large doses
of both statistics and humility Federal
Reserve chairwoman Janet Yellen said
that the economic outlook is highly
uncertain okay how many times have you
heard me talk about this suggesting that
the central bank will proceed slowly in
raising interest rates and scaling back
easy money money policies whoa wait a
second
they are just told me they just
literally had a meeting and said that
they would go ahead and increase
interest rates they would actually
engage in unwinding of the balance sheet
because the economy is doing well hmm
where we lied to the Fed has been moving
to reduce monetary support for the
economy based on an assessment of the
labor market and strengthening that
inflation which has been unusually low
will soon stabilize unusually low
inflation all right
so according to the fake numbers
inflation is less than two percent less
than two percent you tell me out there
wherever you are in fact not even if
you're in the US do you think that your
food and energy prices or anywhere near
two percent increase every year I can
tell you for myself definitely more
expensive you have to go and seek more
deals you have to look out for things
you have to be more investigative even
in this way to find the cheapest
companies offering the better services
or cheaper services and you can't just
you know not be smart do you have to
investigate it that's inflation that's
real inflation
all right this is her quote my
colleagues and I may have misjudged the
strength of the labor market the degree
to which longer run inflation
expectations are consistent with our
inflation objective or even the
fundamental forces driving inflation she
added that downward pressure on
inflation could prove to be unexpectedly
persistent now I don't really care
necessarily what she says I just love it
truly love it when they say they were
wrong they've always been wrong at least
if you take whatever they do at face
value their actions they're always too
slow they shouldn't even be in this game
anyway but that's a whole different
topic and here we are
Janet Yellen admitting what's happening
look if you want to get the economy
going you have to take the ball and
chain off the ankle start by doing that
lowering interest rates maybe I could
see I could see that printing four point
five trillion dollars and giving them to
banks and institutions around the world
that were not allowed to know about and
then conducting 16 trillion dollars
worth of secret not even loans secret
gifts to who knows who all around the
world that doesn't do any good for us
that's just a fraud the whole monetary
system is a fraud that's what I'm trying
to bring up but constantly constantly
being ridiculed I'm probably the most
ridiculed person who's very consistent
very straightforward information and yet
I'm ridiculed so often for something
like this anyway it doesn't matter
clearly I'm unfazed by it 1,500 plus
videos the US consumer confidence fell
can you believe it fell in September and
home sales dropped to an eight-month low
in August due to the Hurricanes well
what they said was that don't worry
because the fourth quarter all of these
are going to be up simply because of the
Hurricanes and now everything needs to
be rebuilt I'm one to believe that any
sort of conditions bad things happening
you know I'm trying to choose my words
carefully because of the whole issue
that I'm experiencing here when people
on one side are shooting at people on
the other side you know what I'm talking
about when that occurs people generally
and in finance and everything suggests
that that is a time in which the economy
is booming because you have a lot of
infrastructure and industrials are
needed and everything else I'm one to
disagree with that I think that it takes
away from the real economy personally
and that was experienced you know 1939
took a very long time for the stock
market to recover anyway I think that
consumer confidence has always been down
but they are always worried like you may
see the spending is high but the actual
were worried that people have about not
being able to pay their next bill should
they lose their job well oh yeah that's
terrible those statistics are terrible
so as one of the most desirable
employers in Silicon Valley Facebook has
built a small town square for staff and
its headquarters in Menlo Park so
basically they have all these services
and everything available to those people
who work there
however they have individuals who are
subcontracted contingent workers
who are for example security guards and
janitors okay so people making generally
lower wages and they're basically saying
you know they're happy to be working
however this individual had to get three
jobs so they do their one job between
like ten o'clock where does it does it
say ah near 10 o'clock and you know 1
o'clock and 10 o'clock or something and
then in the morning he's a lyft driver
and on the weekends he does another job
so three jobs in total basically working
all the time and that's the way he
affords the place that he lives in is
not very nice place this is the way that
people have been surviving and they're
working at such a big company people are
getting lots of money they the people
not the subcontracted continual workers
but other people get to go and use the
services of the what do they use here
like for example valets and everything
else those using the services are you
know benefiting from it but those
working there doing those services don't
have the same benefits so one of the
issues the reasons I bring this up is
that what we have is a situation like
that they're going to build a whole
bunch of homes or living spaces for the
people who work at Facebook and 225 of
these living spaces are going to be
actually below market value and they're
doing this to help the people out right
so that's fine that that's great
it's great sure the question I have is
what's being done to address the reason
why the average worker especially
somebody working three jobs even if
they're low paying jobs cannot afford to
live how are they employed by three
separate employers and they somehow can
make ends meet that's what I want to
know some people want to know the p/e
ratios and when it goes you know apples
goes from a p/e ratio of one hundred to
one hundred one and if it moves down to
99 then how does that affect the 200-day
moving averages and the 50-day moving
averages and and you're looking at the
charts and the lines and the graphs and
and I wouldn't know about real people
that's what concerns me because when the
stuff hits the fan suddenly all those
statistics mean very very little all
right that's all for this video if you
found that informative please give me a
thumbs up I do appreciate the thumbs up
because when you give me those first of
all it addresses the fact that I need to
know what content you like what content
you don't like so I look at that every
day and also when you give me a thumbs
up or even a thumbs down that helps to
push these videos higher up in the
youtube search rankings so I do
appreciate that very much
and last but not least if you found this
video informative I know you will find
my books the money GPS and my newer
release global economic collapse even
more informative you can flip through
these books over at Amazon the links are
in the description below
take care